fix: adding insecure flag for image pulls to allow http (#4495)
open-policy-agent/gatekeeper: website/docs/gator.md

Reviewer: docs need to be updated from `--insecure` to `--plain-http`.

Author: Updated the docs and changed variables to `flagPlainHTTP`.

flag. Only files with the aforementioned extensions will be processed. For
information on how to create OCI policy bundles, see
the [Bundling Policy into OCI Artifacts](#bundling-policy-into-oci-artifacts)

> section. Image pulls use HTTPS by default. Use `--insecure` to pull from a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
section. Image pulls use HTTPS by default. Use `--plain-http` to pull from a
```

plain HTTP registry such as `localhost:5000`.

For example, to test a manifest (piped via stdin) against an OCI Artifact
containing policies:

```shell

> cat my-manifest.yaml | gator test --insecure --image=localhost:5000/gator/template-library:v1 \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cat my-manifest.yaml | gator test --plain-http --image=localhost:5000/gator/template-library:v1 \
```

  ./template_library/:application/vnd.oci.image.layer.v1.tar+gzip
```

Because `localhost:5000` is a plain HTTP registry in this example, add

> `--plain-http` to the `gator` pull command when consuming the artifact.

Reviewer: There's no `gator pull` subcommand? Maybe something like "add `--plain-http` to the `gator` command when consuming the artifact" would be accurate.

Author: Updated to `add
`--plain-http` to the `gator` command when consuming the artifact`.
